hey guys what's up so today's video is
going to be another review video and
this time I'm going to be reviewing some
of the DBM cosmetic and Nagoya question
and Nagoya Zoe on Degrassi and I love to
grazi so I thought why not get some of
her lipsticks to try and guys these
lipsticks are amazing I love the pigment
they're amazing and they smell really
good and I hope you love them too and
we'll get to started so the first
lipstick I ordered from them was this
gorgeous pink tint color and this one is
called Zoe and the next color we have is
this purpley pinky color and this one is
called GG and the next one is a really
bright pink and this one is called Liz
now the color looks more orange e but it
is a pink the next color is this
gorgeous red now I'm not normally a red
person but I love this in the video it
looks orange this one is called Spanish
rose and the last color is my most
recent one is a I want to say like a
pink purple tint color and this one is
called Uptown girl the one thing I like
about this brand is they don't test on
animals which is great and because their
matte they stay on longer and they look
really nice now if you like any of these
colors or want to check out the line
I'll put a link in the description below
and you can check them out for yourself
they're so worth it so thanks for
watching this review I hope you liked it
comment down below which color is your
favorite and I'll see you next video bye